---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bootstrap-v1alpha1_init_list Data Source - bootstrap-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bootstrap-v1alpha1_init_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) InitSpec defines the desired state of Init (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) InitStatus defines the observed state of Init (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `commit_save` (Boolean) Save a startup configuration after each commit.
- `mgmt` (Attributes) Optional management interface settings.
Allows setting DHCP clients or static IPs as well as
the IP MTU. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--mgmt))
- `node_selector` (List of String) Optional node selectors to perform initial configuration for.
If not provided initialization is performed for all nodes.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--mgmt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.mgmt`

Optional:

- `ip_mtu` (Number) Set the management interface IP MTU.
- `ipv4dhcp` (Boolean) Enable IPv4 DHCP client.
- `ipv6dhcp` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 DHCP client.
- `static_routes` (Attributes List) Optional list of static routes to add to the management network instance as part of the initial configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--mgmt--static_routes))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--mgmt--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.mgmt.static_routes`

Optional:

- `next_hop` (String) Static route next hop.
- `prefix` (String) Static route prefix.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
