---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bootstrap-v1alpha1_management_router_list Data Source - bootstrap-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bootstrap-v1alpha1_management_router_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ManagementRouterSpec defines the desired state of ManagementRouter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ManagementRouterStatus defines the observed state of ManagementRouter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `node_selector` (List of String) Selects TopoNodes on which to configure the management VRF. When left empty, all TopoNodes are selected.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of TopoNodes on which to configure the management VRF. When left empty, all TopoNodes are selected.
- `static_routes` (Attributes List) Optional list of static routes to add to the management network instance as part of the initial configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--static_routes))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.static_routes`

Optional:

- `next_hop` (String) Static route next hop.
- `prefix` (String) Static route prefix.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
